Add `vue/v-on-handler-style` rule and deprecate `vue/v-on-function-call` rule (#2009)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: docs/rules/v-on-handler-style.md

                            Even if this is not specified, writing styles that cannot be converted to other allowed styles are allowed.
- Second option
  - `ignoreIncludesComment` ... If `true`, do not report expressions containing comments. This option takes effect if `"method"` is allowed. Default is `false`.

### `["method"]`

<eslint-code-block fix :rules="{'vue/v-on-handler-style': ['error', ['method']]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler">...</button>

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()">...</button>

  <!-- Ignore -->
  <button v-on:click="handler(foo)">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="() => handler(foo)">...</button>
</template>
```

</eslint-code-block>

### `["inline"]`

<eslint-code-block fix :rules="{'vue/v-on-handler-style': ['error', ['inline']]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()">...</button>

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="(foo) => handler(foo)">...</button>

> </template>

Reviewer: Please also add an example and test for ignored style here (and check if it is actually ignored):

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()">...</button>

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="(foo) => handler(foo)">...</button>

  <!-- Ignore -->
  <button v-on:click="(foo, bar) => handler(foo, bar)">...</button>
  <button v-on:click="handler">...</button> <!-- if handler has multiple parameters and/or event has multiple payload parameters; don't know if we can check that -->
</template>
```

Reviewer: Or, on a second thought: Maybe we should rather simplify the a lot logic by not ignoring anything? If the user wants a specific pattern, better enable it in the rule? By default, everything can be achieved by either the method or the inline style, so the default is fine anyway.

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler" />

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()" />
</template>
```

</eslint-code-block>

## :wrench: Options

```json
{
  "vue/v-on-handler-style": ["error",
    ["method", "inline-function"], // ["method", "inline-function"] | ["method", "inline"] | "inline-function" | "inline"
    {
      "ignoreIncludesComment": false
    }
  ]
}
```

- First option ... Specifies the name of an allowed style. Default is `["method", "inline-function"]`.
  - `["method", "inline-function"]` ... Allow handlers by method binding. e.g. `v-on:click="handler"`. Allow inline functions where method handlers cannot be used. e.g. `v-on:click="() => handler(listItem)"`.
  - `["method", "inline"]` ... Allow handlers by method binding. e.g. `v-on:click="handler"`. Allow inline handlers where method handlers cannot be used. e.g. `v-on:click="handler(listItem)"`.
  - `"inline-function"` ... Allow inline functions. e.g. `v-on:click="() => handler()"`
  - `"inline"` ... Allow inline handlers. e.g. `v-on:click="handler()"`
- Second option

>   - `ignoreIncludesComment` ... If `true`, do not report expressions containing comments to be converted to method handlers. However, it will be reported if the second style is not used. This option takes effect if `"method"` is allowed. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: What about this explanation?

```suggestion
  - `ignoreIncludesComment` ... If `true`, do not report inline handlers or inline functions containing comments, even if the preferred style is `"method"`. Default is `false`.
```

  - `"inline-function"` ... Allow inline functions. e.g. `v-on:click="() => handler()"`
  - `"inline"` ... Allow inline handlers. e.g. `v-on:click="handler()"`
- Second option
  - `ignoreIncludesComment` ... If `true`, do not report expressions containing comments to be converted to method handlers. However, it will be reported if the second style is not used. This option takes effect if `"method"` is allowed. Default is `false`.

### `["method", "inline-function"]` (Default)

<eslint-code-block fix :rules="{'vue/v-on-handler-style': ['error', ['method', 'inline-function']]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler" />
  <template v-for="e in list">
    <button v-on:click="e" />
    <button v-on:click="() => handler(e)" />
  </template>

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="count++" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="() => count++" />
  <button v-on:click="(a, b) => handler(a, b)" />
  <template v-for="e in list">
    <button v-on:click="e()" />
    <button v-on:click="() => e()" />

>     <button v-on:click="handler(e)" /> <!-- Can use inline function -->

Reviewer: This comment is confusing to me; the other lines also have better alternatives but no comment. So I'd remove the comment completely.

  </template>
</template>
```

</eslint-code-block>

### `["method", "inline"]`

<eslint-code-block fix :rules="{'vue/v-on-handler-style': ['error', ['method', 'inline']]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler" />
  <template v-for="e in list">
    <button v-on:click="e" />
    <button v-on:click="handler(e)" />
  </template>

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="count++" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="() => count++" />
  <button v-on:click="(a, b) => handler(a, b)" />
  <template v-for="e in list">
    <button v-on:click="e()" />
    <button v-on:click="() => e()" />

>     <button v-on:click="() => handler(e)" /> <!-- Can use inline handler -->

Reviewer: Again.

  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="handler($event)" />
  <button v-on:click="count++" />

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="(foo) => handler(foo)" />
  <button v-on:click="(foo, bar) => handler(foo, bar)" />
  <button v-on:click="() => count++" />
</template>
```

</eslint-code-block>

### `["method", "inline-function"], { "ignoreIncludesComment": true }`

<eslint-code-block fix :rules="{'vue/v-on-handler-style': ['error', ['method', 'inline-function'], {ignoreIncludesComment: true}]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler() /* comment */" />

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()" />

>   <button v-on:click="handler() /* comment */" />

Reviewer: I think with `ignoreIncludesComment: true`, this should be also allowed?

Author: The `ignoreIncludesComment` option is only ignored when converting to method handlers. Because the user can't convert it to a method handler without removing the comment.
Comments can be kept between inline handler <-> inline function.
I wrote an option description but I can't explain it well 😓

Reviewer: Ah, I see. Can you check if my explanation suggestion below is correct?

Author: Thank you for your suggestion! I have accepted it into this PR!

</template>
```

</eslint-code-block>

### `["method", "inline"], { "ignoreIncludesComment": true }`

<eslint-code-block fix :rules="{'vue/v-on-handler-style': ['error', ['method', 'inline'], {ignoreIncludesComment: true}]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler" />
  <button v-on:click="handler() /* comment */" />

  <!-- ✗ BAD -->
  <button v-on:click="handler()" />
  <button v-on:click="() => handler()" />

>   <button v-on:click="() => handler() /* comment */" />

Reviewer: Again
